can't be it's meant to be yeah Glynnis
have you seen Roland new Kevin I'd be
looking absolutely everywhere for him -
oh dear well we just have to work from
the door without him cell reference
haven't you got your advent calendars
that they're ready its door number 24
and because tomorrow is Christmas Day
this is our last door and it brings our
calendar to an end I just wish I knew
where Roland was oh well we better open
it without him so fingers at the ready
open your door Christmas
thanks to Kandi's money I need to go to
the toilet
these excuse me personally and a very
well I know how you feel I can't see the
point and getting all excited it's the
same every year I prefer the ice Ted oh
oh now come on lads it's Christmas in it
let's celebrate
tomorrow we can open all their prezi's
yeah two three four
and Christmas has been
thank you very much indeed and from all
of us here a very happy Christmas to you
have a safe and a happy and a peaceful
Christmas a very good morning to you
from all of us